A Kindle First selection that is masterfully written with complex characters and heart-pounding scenes.  It takes place in Italy -'the forgotten front'- during WW II and the reader is drawn into a web of intrigue.  Pino Lello, 17 years of age, is wise beyond his years and intelligent, as well.  It is a gripping story of resilience, the indomitable spirit of a young man that knew no boundaries and courage that sustained him during dark hours.When reading the first portion, I was wondering if (and how) this intense pace would continue.  The climbing scenes through the mountains gave me a real shot of adrenaline.  I felt as though I was one of the climbers and not a reader.  This is also when the echoes of 'Nessun Dorma' were played with such passion.  For me, this is one of the underlying themes in the story - 'none shall sleep'.  And, Pino Lello has taken that to heart for the remainder of this story.The action intensified throughout the remainder of the book, and one is allowed a rare glimpse into the mind of Il Duce  - Benito Mussolini - plus the inner workings of the German High Command.  Becoming a driver for Major General Hans Leyer allows Pino access to a man that is two steps from the Fuhrer.  Pino Lello witnesses atrocities he wishes he could forget but keeps soldiering on...wisely...Just a gripping and harrowing Kindle First selection which I feel is the best one I have read.  Full of action and suspense which will keep you on the edge of your seat for the duration.Most highly recommended.Please note that this is my Kindle First selection for April 2017.I cannot add more to the excellent reviews previously posted other than to say I read this book in one sitting not being able to put it down until 4:00 AM!  It gripped me emotionally and I'm still thinking about it the next day.  Rarely does even a good book have the depth and character development than this one did.  I will be looking for more from this amazing author!I've read nearly every word Mark Sullivan has ever published - so I can say with authority that this work, Beneath a Scarlet Sky, stands as the ultimate fusion of his Pulitzer-nominated journalistic skills and his mastery of the thriller genre, which he's honed at the keyboard he sometimes shares with James Patterson.  He takes us deep inside the love story of his discovery, the unknown hero, Pino Lella, and he crafts an epic tale set against the backdrop of Nazi-occupied Milan and the Italian Alps during World War II that is as intimate and tragic as it is thought-provoking and triumphant.  Every page, every step crackles.  Each twist, rooted in years of first-class reporting, shocks you anew.  Through Sullivan's gripping cast of characters, the unreality and brutality of war meets its match in the guts and wits and soul of Pino Lella, his family, his friends and cohorts.  This heretofore untold story has been etched in my heart and mind with a telling that is equally cinematic and literary.  With this, perhaps his masterwork, Sullivan has reached a pinnacle in storytelling - and readers everywhere, like me, will be better for living it through his words.  Of course, it is Pino Lella we must also praise and thank - for what he did with his young life, his uncommon bravery, his story and letting Sullivan share it with us.  I wish I could read it again for the first time.I agree with the 5 star reviews posted here. After reading “Beneath a Scarlet Sky”, I wanted more, so I found images, biographies and articles about the characters and places in this book. I’m still thinking about the story. It’s become one of my favorite.This is not a war story or a love story. It is a true story about some loving people caught up in a hateful struggle. You will think about them for a long while after you have finished reading.Peno, an Italian teen, son of musicians and fashion district design and merchants becomes deeply involved with early 1940s World War 2.  His true story is beautiful, harsh, realistic, adventurous, heartbreaking and drew me in as few do.  Mark Sullivan took no shortcuts as he researched,  traveled, interviewed and came to know the man and those who shared his time in history.Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy. But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed."  He is such an innocent goid human being you can't but love PinoI loved this book from the very first page to the very last word.  So many excellent books about how WWII affected the lives of people in Germany, France and England but this is the first time I read one about how Italy resisted the war. It follows the hero from being a sixteen year old boy hiding out from the Nazis in a catholic school where his parents sent him to ride out the last few years of the war.  Instead of hiding out the priest taught him how to climb snowy mountains and how to survive the freezing cold so he could start leading Jewish refugees to the safety of Switzerland.  Soon he is 18 and required to join the military and because of the nazi occupation in his home town of Milan he was convinced by his uncle to join a special unit of the SS and become a spy.In hostile as chauffeur for a brutal Nazi General he sees more than a boy his age should see but dutifully reports back to his uncle all he learns.  The chances he takes will take your breath away.  The scorn he meets from friends for being a so called Nazi sympathizer!There is an underlying love story that has you cheering for our hero.I put it up there with The Nightengale.A well written historical novel.  More truth than fiction, I think.  Pino Lella was an extraordinary young man.  This book is not just about Pino, it's about people who did what they had to do to survive the war no matter what side they were on.  The book is full of the beauty and destruction of Italy during the war.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for sharing Pino's remarkable journey.This was an insightful story and an enjoyable read! Very good research provides intricate detail that really enhances the story.  Interwoven in the story line are notations about overcoming insurmountable obstacles, finding a way when there is no way, enduring difficult times, and a reminder that we should be careful to not judge quickly and fill our hearts with hate because people are not always what they seem. Now I want to read more from this author!This is the best book I've read in ages!  I love the history and the realism as it is depicted in this book.  I never stay up until one in the morning reading, but this book was so compelling, I did.  The acknowledgements were as interesting as the book was.  There needed to be one more category in the "How would you describe the plot of this book,"  compelling.Beneath a Scarlet Sky shares with its readers the story of Italy's little-known involvement in WWII. This book is based on one heroic young Italian man's true-life account of his participation in this War to save his people and Jews from the Nazis. The author took that story and created a historical fiction that is captivating, thought-provoking, emotional, eye-opening, dramatic, and compelling. A superbly written book. A must read for any lover of WWII reads.Very little is written about the Italian part of WWII . The author avoids the temptation of glossing over the horrible things that people do each other, he doesn't give the Italian people a pass on their share of atrocities. He also doesn't dwell on rape or carnage. The author allows us to see war through a thoroughly human perspective, necessary if we are to learn from history.Although not a literary achievement in a novel, the story of Pino, a privileged Milanese youth who becomes a Allied spy, will engage the reader. Through the last two years of World War Ii, Pino grows from an indulged youth to a man who faces death many times. He becomes the driver of Nazi General literally decides who lives and dies in Italy. This role allows him to meet Mussolini, work with Cardinal Schuster, and convey secret information to the Allies. Witnessing all he does, he struggles to keep a sense of faith and abiding love. Few of us could face such challenges and meet them with the same level of success.A bit of WWII history in Italy which is so compelling that the reader has to keep going back to credits and notes to realize that it is a real account and not fiction.  An excellently constructed story of a real Italian hero and a pert of the war that most, at least in America have little knowledge. End notes about Pino Lella's post war history are essential to the whole picture.Well written untold story based on true person and events. War is very sad for the lives and loves lost by those affected. Fortunately people like Pino Lella, his brother and many others fought overtly or subverty helping to defeat Hitler's armies for the benefit of all and future generations. Thank you to those who did and sacrificed so much for others to live better.What a beautiful story told from a young man's perspective. The author captures his voice so well that I feel like I know this brave man and could point him out on the street. I'm so glad to hear this story told - what a great true story. I can't wait to see it on the big screen some day - or a TV series! It's well done. I've been telling all of my friends to read it.Beneath a Scarlet Sky  is a thoroughly enjoyable read even if the subject is not a pleasant one. War is never a pleasant subject.Mark Sullivan was successful in bringing everything back to life, I felt as though I was there with Pino all through all his experiences. I could feel what he felt, his excitements, fear, hesitations, pride, disgust, shame, love,  etc.I would recommend this book to everyone.This book covers it all.  This is a heart wrenching story that shows the terrible monstrous capabilities of some and the fantastic bravery and love that others can display towards fellow humans.  Hard to put down and yet hard to keep going...how Pino kept going is hard to fathom but thank God he did.  This is one of those books you will be thinking about for a long time after you finish the last page.I rarely give five stars in a book rating. This one deserves every one of them. The bonus to reading this is that it's not just fiction. It is historically accurate and based on true accounts. It's an aspect of history that everyone should know of and experience through this compelling work. I am really glad this story was written- especially after so many years and yet while Pino could provide so many details that Mark brought to life so eloquently.I constantly found myself marveling at the sheer talent of the author in describing feelings - both physical and emotional - so vividly. He is an epic writer. I had never heard of him and now I have to find more of his work - I hope his others also have as compelling a story!I knew I had to read this as soon as I read that "Fans of All the Light We Cannot See, The Nightingale, and Unbroken will enjoy this riveting saga of history, suspense, and love."  I loved all three of those books, and this one is even better.  I loved it!  I had trouble putting it down but I wanted it to last longer so I didn't read it all at once. This is not just another war story, it is so much more!One of my favorite notes I made from the book said:  "Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy.  But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed.  And we must have faith in God, and in the Universe, and in a better tomorrow, even if that faith is not always deserved."Without a doubt the best book I have read this year. Moving, taut and suspenseful, characters we come to care about, historic relevance, love and death and hate and faith all featured prominently - there is very little that ISN'T in this book.Kudos to this author for persevering these ten years to research and write this tale. This is an area of WWII history I have not previously encountered - and I spent my teens and 20s reading WWII fiction and non-fiction.Set aside some time to read this. This is one of those books that is whispering to you even as you are doing other things.The true story of Pino Lella, a young man in Italy during WWII, is absolutely riveting. Told through his unique experiences of love and conflict, readers are able to learn about the war and it's affects in Italy and Milan. Even more intriguing is Pino's involvement with both helping the Jews, and "working" for the Nazi's.I'd recommend this book to anyone that loves history, especially based on real characters. Most WWII history isn't told from an Italian's perspective, so this was even more interesting. I couldn't put it down! It's beautifully written, and obvious that a lot of time was spent researching people, places, and facts. I'm so glad I read it.When I read WW2 books, they tend to be set in Germany, France or England. The author was right about Italy being forgotten about. This glimpse into the tragedy, loves, loss and heroism experienced by Pino Lella is astounding. The series of  perfectly timed events in his life all come together to develop Pink as a sort of super hero for Italy when they needed him most. I could not put this book down until I found out what happened to absolutely everyone who interacted with Pink.Top notch presentation of WWII escapades of young Pino Lella. The wild ride of circumstances lead this Italian youth through a myriad of experiences. The war changes everyone's  lives, and no one would believe all the changes Pino would go through. Saving Jews, espionage, romance, tragedies and challenges comprise an unknown hero's wartime days. Many years later,  his story comes to light.One of the most compelling stories I've ever read.  A total page turner.After reading a number of excellent WWII historical-fiction novels (e.g., "All the Light We Cannot See", "The Nightingale", etc.), I just want to say this one affected me the most.  I wish this were a must-read book for high school students.  This (mostly non-fictional) novel tells a story of a 17 year old boy who intuitively understands the difference between right and wrong, and selflessly risks his life for people he doesn't even know without regard for his safety.  Only years later does he reveal his amazing tale.Mark Sullivan has put together the narative of the life of Peno Pella which takes so many twists and turns that it is always fabulously intriguiging.  Fast paced moves of connected characters in the  city of Milan during WWII as it is under constant bombardment.  Pino and brother Mimo take families of Jews in through mountains of the Swjss Alps to safety in Switzerland.But there is so much more intrigue and action tbat it is hard to put down.Remember this is non-fiction.ךAmazing stuff with a big surprise ending.Read it.  Enjoy.ץGreat book. I have never read a book about only Italy during the war, and this was very enlightening. A wonderful hero, a fascinating plot, a true story well written.  What more could a reader ask for?What a great read. Such a sad time in history and this story captures beautifully the essence of what was happening in Italy during World War II. It is written so well I felt like I was there going through the heartbreak and euphoria that the author put me through. I love that it is based on a true story. I want to be Pino's friend. This is a must read. Could not put it down.This accounting of one mans life was almost unbelievable to read. A story of a dark period in time. Yet a love story profoundly deep. A family of heroes who were common and fully human. To the author Well done!This book is at least three things: a glimpse into a time long past, the emotional requirements of which are, fortunately, unknown to almost everyone who will read this book; a thumping good read; and the story of a remarkably resilient and accomplished young man, quite likely a genius.  Best of all, this book will send you away from having read it with the feeling that you too can make a positive difference, no matter who you might be when you close the book. That is the greatest gift Mark Sullivan and his young protagonist will give you: something slightly better than the thumping good read you get regardless.I love historical fiction. I have been reading a lot of WWII historical books lately. I was not really wanting to read 'another' one. But, we were traveling to Milan, and this true story took place in Milan. So, I bought it, and started reading it a few days before the trip. Once we were in our hotel on the street Corso Matteotti, I was amazed to find out that Pino Lella grew up in that area and at onetime lived on that very street! A very well written book. A very amazing life Pino lived. I did not know that Milan was affected so much by WWII.  I definitely recommend it. Pictures are of the church San Bbila - the neighborhood where Pino grew up, and of where his parent's purse shop and his uncle's leather shop used to be.This was a well-narrated and incredible story.  The rescuing through the mountains was vividly described, but the chauffeur job and entanglement with the Germans was what makes this young man's life hard to believe.  It is great as a work of fiction, but to think this happened and with no fanfare and the death of so many heroes and heroines, makes me shake my head.This WW II story set in Milan and the surrounding area tells about the courageous life of an 18 year old who followed the call to bravery in the face of the Nazi occupation,  the fascist puppet government of Mussolini and the Allied invasion to conquer Italy.  The author has woven a story of love and family in a setting of brutality, violence and a seemingly hopeless  life under the German occupation.  What surprised me at the end of the book was that it was based on a real story of this young man.  The author followed through with his research to the present day of the main real characters in this compelling story!!  Even the city of present day Milan is described in detail related to the scars of this period of time.  A must read!!!Thank you to Mark for sharing the tale of Pino Lella, a truly amazing man.The scope and breadth of his life, the hardships he endured and the bravery he exhibited during the war, followed by his amazing life after the war.I truly feel honored to have had the privilege of reading this story. I only wish more was known about Anna, the love of Pino's life.I didn't expect much from this book.  Perhaps a slightly interesting look into the (to me) obscure world of Italian anti-Nazi partisans.  But what I got was a trip into a confusing disorienting world where it was impossible to know who to trust and who to fear.Bravo to the author for allowing me to travel to a time and place that I'm glad I missed.If you like historical fiction, especially WWII, this book is for you.Do Not Read "About this book"; far too much is revealed. Assuming that most of this book is truthful, then the expression "facts are stranger than fiction " is certainly correct. The story is improbable but enthralling. I admit an ethnic bias; as an Italian-American, I am proud of the main character and his family. A teenager who willingly risks his life repeatedly, Pino does so not for self-aggrandizement but because it is right. I've read a few similar books like The Nightengale and Behind the Fireplace; each was a worthy read. This is the best of all.A story of faith and truth in the face of events of despair based on a true tale of one man's life. Not the ordinary war story, but a report of the twists and turns in an actual life of an actual hero.An excellent story, mostly true, of a teenage Italian boy having to deal with the German occupation  of his country. Brings to life what happened in Italy over 70 years ago, and the courageous actions of the populace that knew that Mussolini placed their country on the wrong side. Not many biographies (though somewhat fictionalized) are such exciting reads. Kudos to Mr. Sullivan.Since my father was in WWII, I wanted to read this book and its based on a true story and true characters.  Also, having it take place in Italy made it even more interested.  The main character shows such bravery, courage, athletic ability with a heart for the well being of others.  This is a well written book that made me joyful and sad.  Loved it.This story was told is such a way that it sucked me right in, which was a nice change of pace for me. I have lost interest in many books I've started recently, but this noe not only kept my interest, but had me thinking about the characters and events as I was going about my daily endeavors. This is quite remarkable as I am not a fan of history, but when told in the manner that this story is told, I become quite engaged. This might even be worth 5 stars, but it will depend on how this story sticks with me.Fast moving and a page turner that puts you into the scenes of the story. A well written story based on a real person, that is captivating, and connects you to the main character and his antagonist as events of wwii in Italy are described and felt. Interesting twist at the end which provides closure. Good afterward that provides summary of what happened after the end of the story.Who could believe a boy in his teen's would have so much courage that he would first save lives and second spy so the allies could get information that would help them win the way the warThis book of historical fiction based on the life of Pino Lela opened my eyes to the forgotten war fought in Italy.  You really don't hear about how the war was fought in Italy.  Pino, as a teenager, helped the Jews escape from Italy into Switzerland by leading them over the Alps under the guidance of a Catholic priest.  The relationship between him and a German General, Leyers, is written realistically.I found the atrocities of war written with feeling.  The author did not flinch in portraying the actions of mobs.I liked this book a lotThe story took the lead. I am usually outside the story looking at the writer's choices, pitfalls and devices. Even though this is listed as a work of fiction, we are brought to the WW II front in Northern Italy with a young boy who grew up too fast. I would not normally read a book on war, but the author's note intrigued me. In the long life of Pino, I find a lot to admire. I thank Mr. Sullivan for his dedication to bring Pino's story to us.I chose this book because I like everything Italian.  Didn't know what to expect.  Well written page turner about the horrors of war, intermingled with a love story and the human will to survive.  I made the mistake of sometimes reading at night, finding myself unable to sleep.  Vivid account of the occupation of Italy by the Germans and the mistreatment and murder of innocent Jews and Italian loyalists.  Brought me to tears!  Already recommended to several people.  A must read.Interesting topic. Author has a way with dialogue and description. Being an Italian/american i was aware of Firenzi-Continni and other stories of World War II Italian Jews. The characters are well described and not overly done. Even the Nazi who the main character drives for has human qualities, though certainly not enough to justify any of his acts.  I disliked one thing in the novel, but assuming it was based on a true story, I think the author had little choice. (spoiler alert, so for another day). Can't wait for Mark Sullivan's next novel!!!Fascinating story, presented as fiction but based on fact, of Pino Lella, an Italian teenager recruited during WW 2 to aid the Resistance. He became a driver for a high ranking Nazi, and provided crucial information through the Resistance network to the Allies. I was unfamiliar with Italy's role in the Resistance, and apparently Pino never talked about his painful experiences until relatively recently. This book is a real page turner--I highly recommend it to both historical fiction readers and to those with an interest in either WW 2 or Italy.Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a page turner. Seventeen year old Pino isan authentic hero of World War II.  He is forced to go back to the mountains in northern Italy to a Catholic Camp He had attended when he was younger. His parents want him safe from the bombing in Milan. An excellent skier , he ends upEscorting Jews over mountain passes to SwitZealand. The tension excellerates as he joins the GermanArmy and becomes a spy. The book is fascinating especially  because of the setting of occupied Italy.We meet the cardinal of Milan , Mussolini , and the mysterious General Leyers? We seethe teenage PinoDesperately in love....and 🎳Mark Sullivan has given us a story that shows the bravery courage and humanness of Pino Lella. I couldn't put it down. I am so glad Pino's story has been told. The highs and lows of what Pino went through. The sadness of his losing the woman he loved. His devotion to his family and Father Re.This is definitely a good book club selection.This story of a charismatic young Italian man whose bravery and chutzpah helped many people during World War 'll.  His exciting life was fabulously recounted in this book.  To realize that it was all true and not just fiction made it all the more compelling.  I learned a lot about the war and the struggles of the Italian people.  Amazing book!Another perspective on the suffering of the Jews and others during WWII done from the perspective of a young Italian who helped fugitives from Hitler to cross the mountains into Switzerland. Then, as a driver for a high ranking German officer, he witnessed the abuses suffered by slave laborers. A good read and evidently a true story. Schmaltzy title though.While I've read many novels and stories of World War I I, this true story was remarkable in that it came from a perspective I'd not yet heard. The daring of this young Italian was terrifying. I couldn't read Beneath a Scarlet Sky fast enough.An inspiring read if you enjoy stories about people persevering to do the right thing under unbelievably dangerous conditions; danger to themselves, their families and their friends.Little has been told about the Nazi occupation of Italy and the heroes of the Italian resistance.  This book reveals the pain, sorrows, and yes, even the joys of the men and women who lived through these perilous times.  Follow Pino and all those who intersect his life as he manages to survive the last days of World War II.  Sullivan writes a good story and won't disappoint the reader who is fascinated by the lives of the men and women who lived, loved and fought through these anxious times.This took me a little longer to read (a book club book may have been read in the midst of this one..), but it was such a worthwhile read. What a heartbreakingly true story of a young mans experience during WWII.It's very well written, engaging and honestly astounding. What an amazing life Pino Lella lead and how many others he touched and helped. His story is truly touching and inspiring. His resilience in the face of such horrors and heart break and his bravery come through clearly in the book. I am so glad this story was told.One of the best novels I've ever read!!!!  A true hero in every sense.  Oh how wartime makes our youth mature so quickly. What an amazing story.  I hope someone is writing a screenplay for this. Guaranteed an Oscar potential.By following the life of one Italian boy, we see a part of the war rarely reported. This is a record of the casual bravery of a young man, of the equally casual brutality of the conquerors and the conquered, and of the ingenuity necessary for survival. This is not about invasions or campaigns, but the street level experience of conflict.Excellent book..I am so glad that Mr. Sullivan got to tell this story before time and death of Peno obliterated it from history.  A story like this needed to be told.  I have not read any accounts on Italy during World War II and I enjoyed learning a bit about it and the brave people in Milan that helped bring an end to the war in Italy.Outstanding!  As a GI in Europe 15 years after WW II, drove from southern Germany through northern Italy many times. Mr. Sullivan's descrpition of the landscape, towns, villages, mountains, etc. is perfect -- just the way I remembered.  As a Grand Prix fan, his use of Alberto Ascari to move the plot is brilliant.  Finally, getting to know Pino, his family, loves and losses was a genuine joy.  While a true story, Mr. Sullivan created a terrific novel -- best of both worlds!  Left me wondering if the Nazi General wasn't playing both sides.  You read it and decide.  Best war novel about Italy I've ever read!For many years I had cast reading aside until just recently. I was given the opportunity to read Mark's book about young Pino Lella. I had no idea what to expect nor was I sure that I would finish this book. Well I am very glad I did. A story about a young man in pursuit of life, love, and happiness who never hesitated to sacrifice his life for those in need. This book was life changing. It has allowed me to step back and realize the good in a world of hurt. It has allowed me to chase after happiness in the present without ever thinking twice about doing good. Thank you Mark for a wonderful story and Pino, thank you for allowing your story to be told.I felt like I was in the story, sitting in the passenger seat watching each event as it unfolded. I thank the author for his work in telling the story of Italy during the war. An excellent book.This was one of the best books I have picked up in a long time. Mark Sullivan wrote a beautiful biography that never once felt like a biography. I cried over Pino's story and there were times when my heart was beating so fast as I felt I was right there with him as bombs exploded and cars were raced. I would easily read this book again.I found this book very valuable for presenting aspects of the II World War which are only dimly known or appreciated, especially the assistance and help given to the Jewish community by Catholic religious leaders during the Holocaust.  Combines real history and personal tragedy and growth in a very positive and thought provoking manner.I received this book as a free one for April, I really didn't think I would like it, also had never heard of this author. I absolutely fell in love with the story and the young man Pino Lella his adventures and his participation in the WWW II  was simply amazing. If you like intrigue, spies, and freedom you'll love this book!! 5 StarsAlthough this book is in novel form it does tell a  true story about a very brave individual,Pino Lella an Italian living in Milan during WW11.  I knew nothing of the Italian struggles with the Nazis before reading this book.  I couldn't put it down I was so caught up in the narrative. The author has painstakingly researched the background and his personal involvement becomes apparent when you read the authors notes at the end of the book. I can only thank him for making public such a moving and informative account of WW11 in Italy.This novel brings World War II in Italy to life through believable, well-developed characters and descriptions of how the war affected the Italian people.  The reader comes to understand the way that citizens are swept into the resistance movement and the courage needed to stand for one's own beliefs.  Mark Sullivan transports the reader through mountainous terrain, through narrow streets in Milan, to various German headquarters in Italy to prisons where atrocities are committed.  The reader is kept in suspense wondering how it will all end.  I would definitely recommend this book!Thank you Mark Sullivan for writing about Pino Lalla. It may not have been listed as nonfiction, but the detail and heart behind his life is a part of history. I couldn't stop reading it.  I cried, I laughed, I remembered things my mother and her family told me about the Great Depression and WW2 in the Midwest of the US. Thank you again.I was sad to get to the end of this book. I was not ready to leave the company of Pino . His bravery and strength inspired me as he struggled through one of the darkest times in history. His Faith in God, family and love are what made a survivor out of Pino. One can almost feel the heartache as the read the story unfold before them.Wow! I selected this book as my May Kindle First download. I was a little uncertain about whether I would enjoy it as I am not a big fan of war stories. Mark Sullivan does a wonderful job of making everything Pino experienced come alive for the reader! Mr. Sullivan's telling of Pino's story evoked every emotion from humour to sadness, joy to despair, and pride to extreme disgust. I cannot imagine how Pino survived all his experiences and maintained his sanity. Giuseppe "Pino" Lella is an inspiration in how to persevere with God's Grace during the most horrific events.Must read if interested in history.  The characters just seem to come alive and you find yourself cheering for them and unfortunately crying for them as well.  Highly recommended.Historical fiction is my favorite reading and this book did not fall short of excellence.  I love learning about the events of war, particularly from a human perspective.  So many hero's of WWII  have gone unnoticed.  I feel in this day and age it is extremely important for our current generation to understand the sacrifices people made in the name of humanity. The sexual content is not over the top descriptive (no need for that) and the violence is only the reality of war.... particularly that war.  I highly recommend this bookThis book made the war in Italy come alive. Pino was an amazing young man who took great risks in helping many Jewish people escape from the Nazi terror. Then he went on to secretly help the resistance in Italy, while allowing many of those close to him condemn his actions because he was protecting them, in case his spying activities were discovered by the Nazis.For anyone who enjoys WWII historical books you absolutely must read this. Read many many over the years and this one of the best. Not fiction but truth. Amazing that so many survived this  horrible time in world events. Amazing what Pino accomplished as a very young man. The lives he saved and the changing of history is incredible.This book grabbed my interest from the beginning, had me googling operas and digging out old maps of Italy so I could visualize the areas involved. I'm fascinated by people who rise above their circumstances and Pino Lella did that and more.  The book was well researched and well written, and I'm still raving about it to friends.I thought this was an interesting and true story about the Nazis in Milan and northern Italy in WWII. There was a lot more occupation than I realized. The story was full of suspense and adventure and the courage of everyday people who sacrifice for their country and the safety of loved ones. The roles that people play in wars because of their hobbies or sports......mountain climbing and car racing. A bit of a different story about occupation. Would recommend to anyone who loved The Nightengale and All the Light we Cannot See.I do not like reading stories about wars, but I decided to read this story because it took place in northern Italy .  Since my heritage is northern Italian, my interest was piqued. I was not disappointed.  This is a story that is full of suspense, love, excitement, intrigue, sorrow and horror. The fact that it is largely based on a  true story makes it really come alive. It shows mankind at their very worst and their very best. It is well written and I think that it should be made into a movie. I highly recommend this book.Very good read, especially if you like history. This appears to be an historical novel studded with factual events and people. It's hard to put it down! Highly recommend!I loved this story. Well written, interesting characters, and mostly, the real world situation that not every story gets wrapped up in a package with a neat little bow. There are some stories that beg to be told - I am thankful that this one was not lost.A must read.  A coming of age story in amidst the horror of WWII in Italy.  Incredible - Incredible - Incredible.  Make a great movie.  I understand why the people who really suffered through that war have been slow to talk about what they experienced.  Thank you to all that played a role in the telling of this very moving story.Beneath a Scarlet Sky by Mark Sullivan is a gripping study of a young man's crisis of conscience over events experienced during World War Two. Based on fact, it is at once a thriller, a love story, and a thoughtful portrayal of a man's effort to reconcile reason and passion in an insane world. His spiritual journey is universal in it's appeal but so darkly intimate as to compel our most compassionate response.I found myself throughly engrossed in this story of Pino Lella and the fascinating part he played in the horrors of WWII in his beloved Italy. I wavered between the beauty and horror of his experiences with the early part of the war as a secret guide for Jews escaping into Switzerland and his time as the driver of German General Hans Leyers. His eyes saw so many terrible things and his own heartbreak is hard to read because you become so invested in this unsung hero of some of the darkest years in our history. Read this book.I had to keep reminding myself that this person actually lived this life.  Another aspect of WWII that I found extremely interesting.  The stories of what life was like in Italy and how it affected everyday families was insightful.  I had never considered that suspicion and trust were issues even after victory was declared.I couldn't put this book down. I'm having a difficult time finding words to describe how much I loved this book. Getting to know Pino, the young Italian man who lived through the horrific experiences in Italy during WWII, in such a heroic way, is a story I will never forget.Very well researched and beautifully written, it was one of the best books I have ever read.This is easily the best book I've read in some time.  It has suspense, love, compassion and so many other feelings (good and bad) that I had a hard time putting it down.  I didn't think to check if it was fiction or not, so while reading it, I had a hard time deciding if it could even be made up.  The afterward told the story of the amount of research that went into the book which answered that question.  Well done!Exquisite writing from the first pages of this heroic true story.  It made me realize how I should be grateful for every moment and how little I knew about this time in Italy,  Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing the life of Pino Lello and his family and friends and his beloved Anna Marta.  I will never forget you..I'm grateful for those writers who go to extraordinary lengths to tell us stories we, as free people, need to hear about the sacrifices made to keep us so. God bless every Pino who will never be recognized, and thank you.A passionately told story about Pino and his experiences during WWII.  A dark and tragic time for humanity. There are so many unsung heroes and acts of bravery from this era, and I'm thankful for the author's years of dedication to be able to share Pino's story  with us. God Bless you Pino and thank you for your bravery and wisdom!  Fantastic book with character follow-through beyond the war until the end,  I couldn't put it down.I really enjoyed this book. I hadn't learned much about what was happening in Italy during the Second World War. I knew Mussolini had something to do with Hitler, but that was all. The protagonist of this story was a real person.  The book tells the story of his heroic exploits during the war in Italy. He was very courageous and participated in many different ways to subvert the Nazis. I also enjoyed the very end, when it told what happened to the characters after the war ended. It was exciting and also educational.Wow!  I have just been on a 526 page roller coaster ride! The story was in turns, beautiful, heroic, poignant, horrifying, sad, frightening, uplifting, joyous, inhumane - showing the very best and very worst humanity is capable of.  So many times I thought  the end was near, yet Pino Lella prevailed and went on to another harrowing experience.  The most amazing part is that it is based on real history! I will think about this book for a long time and recommend it to anyone interested in good writing and WWII history.The story of Pino Lella and what he accomplished during WWII in Italy is astonishing. The best part is that it's true! The author crafts Pino's story with finesse, making it a book you cannot put down. Pino Lella has lead a fascinating life and I am grateful to Mr. Sullivan and his research team for documenting this part of history.This tale reminds the reader of the ironies of war, the often difficulty of defining the hero or the traitor. The author awakens readers to the many roles of subjects and oppressors.]DeviceToken: [91ed6445179e4660a66700718455cccb]Device ID Serial Number: [iOs-NTC-041859664699126b7a99c974fea0b31d6580ce26-B-N-eReader]It open a door in the Italian history that is not often open.  The book keep my attention from the beginning of the end. It was obvious that the writer was American because even went the bombs were rapping Milan Pino was thinking "oh the Americans" in those moments even that I really think that Italians are grateful because in the end of the day the Americans were the ones that arrive to Italy to help, in those moments that Pino was putting a lot of enthusiasm in the "Americans" it feel more the point of few of the writer, like it lower a little be the authenticity of Pino, even though for sure Pino admired them and was grateful. Anyway the book is amazing and the writer make me feel different kind of emotions and also to learn more about the Second World War.I was never a reader growing up, finding anything that would hold my interest was difficult. Beneath a Scarlet Sky was one of those books I couldn't put down. Every Chance I got I was reading. The depth of the characters, the suspense of the war, the tragedy of war and the joy of young love. I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky for avid readers and for those of us just discovering the joys of reading.I thouroughly enjoyed this book. The fact that it was based on real life made the story so interesting. Pino Lella was a remarkable young man and the book brings to life his story during the German occupation of the city of Milan during the last two years of WWII. Some very unbelievable things take place and it is hard to fathom that it is all true. The story is fast moving and exciting. I chose to read it based on all the great reviews and I was not disappointed. I am glad his story was discovered and told. One great book!I listened to the superb audio version. This is an incredible true story that is masterfully written. There were parts that I wish were not part of the story but then I had to remind myself that it was true, it is real. Thankfully the story, this hard truth was told, we must not forget. Highly recommend! Five-star Gold!Intrigued by historical fiction, this book captured my attention. It was described as a historically accurate story of one man's life with some details filled in by the author.  I wasn't prepared to get so caught up in the story but the suspense, romance, and interesting people captured my attention. Many times I had to remind myself this wasn't fiction... The main character will survive or the story wouldn't have been written!I typically rate 4 stars for a good book but this one would get 6 if I could because I appreciate how the author made history interesting, captivating, and very personally relevant.The marathon read is finished.  Honestly one of the best books I have read in years.  The heights of unselfish effort for the sake of persecuted humanity, and the depths of cruelty and hatred, all bound together in a story of great courage and survival during times of war and the inability to fight the fates as the maelstrom of events that surrounds the characters tosses them about.One of the finest telling of a tale that is based on real life events. It gave a different window into the WWII Nazi occupation in Italy.The author's description and approach between the hero and is one true love is exceptional.The information at the end of the book is well presented and brings closure to the story.Worthwhile the read and I recommend the book.Lately I have been interested in historical literature. This story has a lot to give. The tale of a young Italian teenager who watches the Nazis as they enter his city in the early days of WW2. He is sent away by his family to escape the atrocities only to return as an unlikely assistant to the resistance. He can tell no one. He is only 18 and we watch as he becomes an essential ally. Confusion, despair, hope and a strong sense of what is right drives him. You won't believe the selfless things he does and what happens in the end. How is it we never heard of this hero before? Because that is what young Pino is. To everyone but himself. We also get to see what happens to the characters after the war. Where they go and how they turn out. A riveting story of love and loss in one of the darkest times in history. 5 stars because it is very well written and the author obviously went out of his way to research all that is told. And because I simply could not put it down! You won't be disappointed after finally meeting for yourself a young man called Pino Lella. Thank You Mr. Sullivan and I hope you continue to see every day as awesome.It is ironic, sometimes in a book, it takes a while to get going.  This was no exception.  However the fact that this novel is based on historical fact is more strange than fiction.  A great read for people interested in historical novels.  A great read for people who like action in their novels.  Or just a great read.Magnificent!! What an incredible story about Pino Lella, a 17 year old who was a a true hero in Italy during WWII. What an honor it must have been for Mark Sullivan to have spent time with Pino Lella and hear his story to then to write this fabulous book. So much bravery, love, and trust in one so young. I'm amazed at what he went through and what he did for his country. This is a beautifully written book and I highly recommend it. I listened to the audiobook and the narration by Will Damron was brilliant!!Pino was only 17 when WWII came into his life in Milan, Italy.  Pino left his well to do home to live with priests in a church in the mountains. His parents sent him and his brother there to keep him safe from the bombs, but athletic Pino started becoming a hero early on, risking his life to safe escaping Jews through the treacherous mountains. This is a true story about war and love and rescue and hope  and very well researched. It's about strength of character and growing up fast, but still keeping the heart and dreams of a young man.Great book to read. Lots of action, suspense and love. This is a very good, well written book with historical events tossed in. I'm not one to read war stories but this book was more than that. It was above families and loyalties and lots of dare deviling tales.World War II and Milan, Italy is the setting. Based on actual facts Pino is the main character and hero. Perhaps like me you never really thought about the Jews who lived in Italy when the Nazis arrived. Pino was one of the individuals who worked to protect them. Pino grew into manhood during the war. We see the destruction and people impacted by war through his eyes. We feel the loss of love as well. The story is beautifully written by Mr. Sullivan and I thank him for filling in a void in WW  II history.This novel draws u right in and keeps you there until the end. I love this time period, but have never read about the war set in Italy before. What a rare and great story.What a story! I am usually wary of reading another horror story about the Nazis. They often end with such sadness about what  these horrible people did. I've been to Auswitch  and the holocaust museum in DC.  But this is a story of heroism and courage that was heartwarming. Thanks for telling this story.This historical biography is as good as it gets for the genre. The scope of the story and portrayal of events in Italy during WWII are broad. The author took on a huge undertaking and pulled off this writing feat and the real protagonist of the events depicted should be congratulated for letting this story be told.I chose this book as my May free ride. Historical fiction is not a genre I normally choose. That being said, I loved this book. You find yourself rooting for Pino and following the personal struggles he has while working as a Nazi soldier, while his beloved Italy is being destroyed around him. This true story has it all - adventure, espionage, love, and strong family ties. Yay for the courageous Pino for sharing his scars and to Mr. Sullivan for telling this story so beautifully. It needs to be a movie!I loved this book!  It reminds me of how seemingly impossible events can actually be possible!  Pino had a heartbreaking story that encourages people to really push to be the best they can; even when they appear in a different light.  I'm somewhat of a WWII history junkie because I am in awe of that time and how much the greatest generation pushed themselves to their limits.  This book was one I couldn't put down.This book gets five stars because it was interesting, funny, and heartbreaking at the same time!  Reading Pino's story opened up a forgotten chapter in history and showed how the will to continue truly living after tragedy is a choice.  As humans we can choose to live a dead life or chose to live a life hindering the dead by living.  I am glad Pino chose the latter and shared his story.  Well written and a true page turned you cannot put down.  After reading this book you will find yourself hitting up Google to get more information on the people involved.